Anderson Serangoon Junior College (ASRJC) is a junior college temporarily located in Hougang, Singapore, offering a two-year pre-university course leading to the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level examinations. ASRJC was formed after the merger of Anderson Junior College (AJC) and Serangoon Junior College (SRJC) in 2019.
ASRJC houses the Elementz Laboratory, the MOE North Zone Centre of Excellence for Science, and Makers Lab. The college hosts the annual Elementz International Science Research Conference and Exhibition, an event that accords recognition to students from secondary school (upper secondary levels) and Junior Colleges who have conducted scientific research to showcase their findings.
Education Minister Ong Ye Kung announced in March 2019 that ASRJC will be rebuilt at the site of former AJC campus at Yio Chu Kang. While the rebuild is underway, the college will temporarily reoccupy the campus of former SRJC. The move was initially scheduled to take place in 2022, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Singapore, it was delayed twice, to 2023 and finally 2024.
The college motto is Discere Sevire - Non Mihi Solum, which is Latin for: To Learn, To Serve, Not for Myself Alone.
One subject that the college offers is H2 Computing, a highly sought-after subject by many students. The curriculum covers a wide range of exciting topics, including programming concepts, data structures, algorithms, and web development methodologies. Students dive into practical coding sessions, working with languages like Python, HTML, CSS, SQL to bring their ideas to life. The subject is known for its interactive nature, with project-based learning forming a significant part of the coursework. JC2 students, under the guidance of the incredibly-experienced Mr. Gi Soong Chee, tackle complex problem-solving challenges and develop real-world applications, fostering creativity and critical thinking skills. In contrast, the JC1 Computing teacher is pretty much an unknown figure. Nonetheless, the students are great and will probably do well in the future.